Espionage A Trois:

Super slow Loungey jazz song I wrote this morning.
Story of a secret agent infiltrating a private ball, falling in love with this lady thats from some other rival agency he wasnt expecting to be there.
Love, murder, mystery, seduction

Mellow jazz drums with brushes, bass, piano and vibraphone
--------------------------------

No one in this room is leaving with a pulse,
Ive scanned my exits and eyed the poker by the fireplace,          [while taking notes
I carry on a mundane casual conversation, cards close to my chest with a face that reads like a restaraunt menu, 

Just then she walked in,(in) all black with a widow veil,
Cool calm with a demeanor foreboding.
I bet her lips taste like black licorice with a kiss like poison,  I bet her skin is warm with a heart as cold as ice, 

I'll bet she struts up to the valet no hesitation, and tosses her keys and tells him "park it somewhere nice" 

She probably has a closet full of mink someone else paid for, the type to crush your heart and leave before the ink dries. 

Amidst these thoughts The person I conversed with, waves a hand afront my face to bring me back from a blank gaze, i apologize for drowning in my thoughts, "please go on... you were saying"? 

Half spoken:
in my head Im asking" who is she? Who sent her? And who does she work for? Im supposed to be the only agent here there aint no way  that she's on the same side? 
Do i love her, lose her leave her alive or let it slide ? Or risk it to make a move assuming she wont take me home and kill me? 

She's been hanging around the punchbowl far too long so I nonchalantly pour my drink out in the corner on this artificial ficus 

Suddenly she notices me and with eyes like daggers stabs my attention,
And as every person in the room drops like flies
She slowly makes her way over to me
Never breaking eye contact while the movers and shakers gasp for their last breath. 

She puts her hand behind my head and we climb onto a walnut table shoving everything off like in every corny movie,
h'ordeuvres and champagne glasses crashing as we rip our clothes off .
She cums twice sits up and lights up a long narrow filterless,
I straighten my tie and drink the antidote i took from her bra without her noticing. 
We make conversation about our wedding and the decor, we envision our 4 kids 2 dogs at a lakehouse with a boat, 
I laugh  and  tell her I never slept with anyone I didnt love, and I'm a first date kinda guy but that being said before  you spoke a word I knew I'd fall in love with you,  
She says "but how will we do this? We work for different....theyll never let us go?"
I say you're youre right it will never work and without blinking slit her throat. 

She lye dying as I walk away I hear the hammer cock back on a snub nose .38,
She blows me away, we both die and together forever as ghosts, 
we even Haunt a family with 4 kids 2 dogs and a lake house with a boat




